# COMP30880
Group Project
Brian Leahy : 17372896, Olanipekun Akintola: 17734755, Jiazheng Li: 16212162

Staff Test Set:
Generated by  reading the staff list xlsx file given, and extracting the names of all staff members and whether they were DS focused into a 2 dimensional array. Test sets were then generated by selecting a random number <= array.length, and using the staff member at that index. This was checked against a list of previously used indices, to ensure no staff members were repeated. If the staff member was DS focused, they were assigned 3 DS projects. If they were not, then they were randomly assigned either a CS or a CS + DS project, in a 2:1 ratio. An array of Strings in the form "Name,project,Focus" was made and written to a .txt file in the "TestSets" folder.

Project Bell Curve Distribution:

Created a student list adding only the id to the student object. We can add other information to the student object. I then calculated the constant values for the mean and variance by dividing the size of our test case by 2. I used the sample size of 60 for my code. I made sure the mean is in the range of project ids. The project with ids around the mean are more popular (peak of bell). I used the fRandom.nextGaussian to calculate the value used to instantiate the project. I checked that the random value generated lies between 0 and sample size (test). I also made sure that I created the neccessary check such that the same project is not recommended twice to a student.
